Update JWT changes in the U10 release-note (#9221)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.10.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

### Improvements

### Bug fixes

## Backward-incompatible changes

### Ballerina library changes

#### `jwt` package

- Add support to directly provide `crypto:PrivateKey` and `crypto:PublicKey` in JWT signature configurations. With this update, the `config` field in `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` now supports `crypto:PrivateKey`, and the `certFile` field in `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` now supports `crypto:PublicKey`. These additions will breaks the previous union-type support.
- Added support to directly provide `crypto:PrivateKey` and `crypto:PublicKey` values in JWT signature configurations. With this update, the `config` field of `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` now allows `crypto:PrivateKey`, and the `certFile` field of `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` now allows `crypto:PublicKey`.

    ```ballerina

>     // previous `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` record

Reviewer: I would break this into separate code blocks and move the comment out.

````
Previous `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` record:

```ballerina
public type IssuerSignatureConfig record {|
...
```

New `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` record:

```ballerina
public type IssuerSignatureConfig record {|
...
```
````

Author: Fixed with [aacbfc27781dbea4f9c8dd473e17201240579cc6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9221/commits/aacbfc27781dbea4f9c8dd473e17201240579cc6)

### New features

#### `jwt` package

- Added support to directly provide `crypto:PrivateKey` and `crypto:PublicKey` values in JWT signature configurations. With this update, the `config` field of `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` now allows `crypto:PrivateKey`, and the `certFile` field of `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` now allows `crypto:PublicKey`.

>     - Previous `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` record.
>         ```ballerina
>         public type IssuerSignatureConfig record {|
>             // ... other fields
>             record {|
>                 crypto:KeyStore keyStore;
>                 string keyAlias;
>                 string keyPassword;
>             |} | record {|
>                 string keyFile;
>                 string keyPassword?;
>             |}|string config?;
>         |};
>         ```
> 
>     - New `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` record.
>         ```ballerina
>         public type IssuerSignatureConfig record {|
>             // ... other fields
>             record {|
>                 crypto:KeyStore keyStore;
>                 string keyAlias;
>                 string keyPassword;
>             |} | record {|
>                 string keyFile;
>                 string keyPassword?;
>             |}|crypto:PrivateKey|string config?;
>         |};
>         ```
> 
>     - Previous `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` record.
>         ```ballerina
>         public type ValidatorSignatureConfig record {|
>             // ... other fields
>             string certFile?;
>         |};
>         ```
> 
>     - New `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` record.
>         ```ballerina
>         public type ValidatorSignatureConfig record {|
>             // ... other fields
>             string|crypto:PublicKey certFile?;
>         |};
>         ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
    Previous `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` record:

    ```ballerina
    public type IssuerSignatureConfig record {|
        // ... other fields
        record {|
            crypto:KeyStore keyStore;
            string keyAlias;
            string keyPassword;
        |} | record {|
            string keyFile;
            string keyPassword?;
        |}|string config?;
    |};
    ```

    New `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` record:

    ```ballerina
    public type IssuerSignatureConfig record {|
        // ... other fields
        record {|
            crypto:KeyStore keyStore;
            string keyAlias;
            string keyPassword;
        |} | record {|
            string keyFile;
            string keyPassword?;
        |}|crypto:PrivateKey|string config?;
    |};
    ```

    Previous `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` record:

    ```ballerina
    public type ValidatorSignatureConfig record {|
        // ... other fields
        string certFile?;
    |};
    ```

    New `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` record:

    ```ballerina
    public type ValidatorSignatureConfig record {|
        // ... other fields
        string|crypto:PublicKey certFile?;
    |};
    ```
````

> 

Reviewer: Should go under library updates, not package.

Author: Fixed with [21ba8dd8c3a061eb1718a6a5894de146dace15a0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9221/commits/21ba8dd8c3a061eb1718a6a5894de146dace15a0)

> ### New features

Reviewer: Sorry, one last change. This should probably come under improvements rather than new features?

Author: Fixed with [21ba8dd8c3a061eb1718a6a5894de146dace15a0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9221/commits/21ba8dd8c3a061eb1718a6a5894de146dace15a0)

#### `jwt` package

> - Added support to directly provide `crypto:PrivateKey` and `crypto:PublicKey` values in JWT signature configurations. With this update, the `config` field of `jwt:IssuerSignatureConfig` now allows `crypto:PrivateKey`, and the `certFile` field of `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` now allows `crypto:PublicKey`. With these additions, union types (or whatever that is not supported now) will be disallowed.

Reviewer: or whatever that is not supported now -> I meant to rephrase this to specify what is not allowed now :) Not include it in the release note.

Author: As we have already mentioned the previous and new types in the code-samples, IMO we can mention that previously specified union types are not allowed in the text. Updated the PR with following commit [1] 

[1] - [406b2bc3d4bcd3961a7856a1849d5eeab3441d61](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9221/commits/406b2bc3d4bcd3961a7856a1849d5eeab3441d61)

        |}|crypto:PrivateKey|string config?;
    |};

    // Previous `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` record.
    public type ValidatorSignatureConfig record {|
        // ... other fields
        string|crypto:PublicKey certFile?;
    |};

    // New `jwt:ValidatorSignatureConfig` record.
    public type ValidatorSignatureConfig record {|
        // ... other fields

>         string|crypto:PublicKey certFile?;

Reviewer: Isn't this the same as L140?

Author: Fixed with [d36e88eb689b633b5ad1a83b5218d56333650449](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9221/commits/d36e88eb689b633b5ad1a83b5218d56333650449)

    |};
    ```

> >**Note:** This feature will break any code references that use the previous union type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**Note:** This feature may break existing code if the relevant fields are referred to using the previous types.
```

## Backward-incompatible changes

### Language changes

 A bug that caused an invalid static type to be set for optional XML attribute access on `xml:Element` has been fixed for compliance with the specification. The static type now includes `error`.

```ballerina
public function main() {
    xml:Element xe = xml `<x attr="e"/>`;
    string? attr = xe?.attr; // Compile-time error now.
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Incorrect change.
